Editorial for Admin UI index operations (#2421)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/admin-ui-index/index-management.md

> The **Indices** section displays a list of indexes in your OpenSearch cluster. For each index included, you can see its heath status (`green`, `yellow`, or `red`), policy (if the index is managed by a policy), status, total size, size of primaries, total documents, deleted documents, primaries and replicas.

Reviewer: Should "heath" be "health"? 
Insert comma after "primaries"

> Below are the health statuses an index can be in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are the three index health statuses:
```

- Green: All primary and replica shards are assigned.
- Yellow: At least one replica shard is not assigned.
- Red: At least one primary shard is not assigned.

> ### Create index

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming these headings reflect the names of operations, but if not, they should be in the form "Creating an index" (https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#topic-titles).

**Advanced settings** allows you to upload a JSON configuration.

### Apply policy

If you analyze time series data, you likely want to prioritize new data over old data. You might periodically perform certain operations on older indexes, such as reducing replica count or deleting them.

> [Index State Management]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/ism/index/) (ISM) is a plugin that lets you automate these periodic administrative operations by triggering them based on changes in the index age, index size, or number of documents. The **Index Management** section in Dashboards uses the ISM plugin to define policies that automatically handle index rollovers or deletions to fit your use case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Index State Management]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/ism/index/) (ISM) is a plugin that lets you automate these periodic administrative operations by triggering them based on changes in the index age, index size, or number of documents. You can define policies that automatically handle index rollovers or deletions to fit your use case.
```

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/admin-ui-index/apply-policy.PNG" alt="User interface showing apply policy prompt">

> ### Close

Reviewer 2: Should this be "Close index" to match the name of the operation? Globally ensure all headings are in the correct format and/or match the name of the operation.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/admin-ui-index/templates.PNG" alt="User interface showing Templates page">

> ### Create a template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Creating a template
```

> 7. Set the number of replicas.

Reviewer: Confirm the numbered list format is correct.

8. Set the refresh intervals.
9. Add fields and objects for your index mapping using either the visual editor or the JSON editor.
10. Under **Advanced Settings** you can specify advanced index settings with a comma-delimited list.

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/admin-ui-index/create-template-expanded.png" alt="User interface showing Create Template page">

> ### Edit a template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Editing a template
```

> To edit a template, select the template you want to edit from the list of templates. Next, select the **Actions** dropdown and select the **Edit** option.

Reviewer: Revise to read "dropdown list"

> ### Delete a template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deleting a template
```

> To delete a template, select the template you want to delete from the list of templates. Next, select the **Actions** dropdown and select the **Delete** option.

Reviewer: Revise to read "dropdown list"

## Transform jobs

> Using the **Index Management** section in Dashboards, you can create, start, stop, and complete operations with [transform]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-transforms/transforms-apis/) jobs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can create, start, stop, and complete operations with [transform]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-transforms/transforms-apis/) jobs.
```
